Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the sons of the pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's John Provost, and I'm meeting him at the farm.
Hello, lassie.
There, there.
Good dogs.
Where's your master?
He told me you'd meet me here back in the barn.
Here I am, Smokey.
Did you bring me my junior force ranger card?
I know the conservation pledge by heart.
Listen, I give my pledge as an American to save and faithfully to defend from waste and natural resources of my country.
It's soil and minerals.
It's forest, water, and wildlife.
There, Smokey.
I'm telling everyone that comes back to the farm to be careful with their matches and smokes.
We don't want any wildfires in the fields or woods around here.
That's wonderful.
And now, John Provost, I have your membership card right here.
You're a full-fledged junior forest ranger.
But don't run off.
The Sons of the Pioneers are going to sing a special song for you and Lassie.
It's all about when Froggy went a courtin.
Froggy went a-courtin' and he did right, uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Froggy went a-courtin' and he did right, a sword and pistol by his side, uh-huh.
And he rode up to Mrs. Mouse's door.
He rode up to Mrs. Mouse's door and he knocked so hard that he made it roar.
Uh-huh.
Oh, he took Mrs. Mousy on his knee.
He took Mrs. Mousy on his knee.
He said, Mrs. Mousy, won't you marry me?
Uh-huh, uh-huh And now before I can answer that Uh-huh Uh-huh Now just before I can answer that I'll have to see my Uncle Rat Uh-huh Uh-huh, uh-huh
Now what will the wedding supper be?
Uh-huh.
What will the wedding supper be?
Two blue beans and a black-eyed pea.
Uh-huh.
Now a little piece of cornbread lying on the shelf.
A little piece of cornbread lying on the shelf.
If you want any more, just sing it yourself, cause I'm hard.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star.
This is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember, only you can prevent forest and woods fires.
Smokey the Bear, Smokey the Bear.
growlin' and a-growlin' and a-slip in the air.
He can find the fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]